lessons/js02-arrays/exercises/map/README.md, before:

# JS2 - Arrays: Map Exercises

Exercises using `Array.prototype.map`

1. Odd to Zero

   - Goal: write a function called `oddToZero` that copies an array while turning all odd elements to 0.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns [0, 2, 0, 4, 0, 6]
     oddToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]);

     // returns [0, 0, 0]
     oddToZero(1, 9, 7);

     // returns [2, 4, 6]
     oddToZero([2, 4, 6]);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr` where the callback function returns 0 if the value it receives is odd
   - [Code](odd-to-zero.js)
   - [Test](odd-to-zero.test.js)

2. First Letters

   - Goal: write a function called `firstLetters` that returns the first letter of each string in an array of strings.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd']
     firstLetters(['add', 'bongo', 'chongo', 'dud']);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array of strings

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr` with a callback that returns the character at index 0 of the given string

   - [Code](first-letters.js)
   - [Test](first-letters.test.js)

3. First X to Zero with Map

   - Goal: write a function called `firstXToZero` that takes an array and a number, and then sets the first (given) number of elements to 0.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // does not mutate the array
     firstXToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 0);

     // mutates the array to [0, 2, 3, 4, 5]
     firstXToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 1);

     // mutates the array to [0, 0, 0, 4, 5]
     firstXToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 3);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: public, array
       - `count`: public, number of elements to assign a value of 0 to

   - Explanation:

     - Return the value returned by calling `map` on `arr` with a callback that takes two arguments and returns 0 if the second argument is less than `count`, and the first argument otherwise

   - [Code](first-x-to-zero-map.js)
   - [Test](first-x-to-zero-map.test.js)

4. Non Prime to Zero

   - Goal: write a function called `nonPrimeToZero` that copies an array while changing any number that isn't prime to 0.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns [0, 2, 3, 0, 5]
     nonPrimeToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]);

     // returns [3, 7, 13]
     nonPrimeToZero([3, 7, 13]);

     // each returns []
     nonPrimeToZero([]);
     nonPrimeToZero();
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters: `arr`, an array of numbers
     - Returns: array
     - Dependency: helper function `isPrime` that returns `true` if the given number is prime, and false otherwise

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr`, with a callback that returns 0 when `isPrime` returns `false` for the current value, and otherwise returns the current value.
   - [Code](non-prime-to-zero.js)
   - [Test](non-prime-to-zero.test.js)

5. Append

   - Goal: write a function called `append` that copies an array of strings while adding a string to every string in it.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns ['a!', 'b!', 'c!', 'd!', 'e!']
     append(['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e'], '!');

     // returns ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']
     append(['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']);

     // each returns []
     append([], 'something');
     append();
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array to be copied
       - `str`: str to be appended to strings in `arr`

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr` with a callback that concatenates `str` to the current value
   - [Code](append.js)
   - [Test](append.test.js)

6. Run on Each with Map
7. Clone

Commit message:

lesson js2 - arrays: map: exercises: run on each with map: add solution

lessons/js02-arrays/exercises/map/README.md, after:

# JS2 - Arrays: Map Exercises

Exercises using `Array.prototype.map`

1. Odd to Zero

   - Goal: write a function called `oddToZero` that copies an array while turning all odd elements to 0.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns [0, 2, 0, 4, 0, 6]
     oddToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]);

     // returns [0, 0, 0]
     oddToZero(1, 9, 7);

     // returns [2, 4, 6]
     oddToZero([2, 4, 6]);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr` where the callback function returns 0 if the value it receives is odd
   - [Code](odd-to-zero.js)
   - [Test](odd-to-zero.test.js)

2. First Letters

   - Goal: write a function called `firstLetters` that returns the first letter of each string in an array of strings.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns: ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd']
     firstLetters(['add', 'bongo', 'chongo', 'dud']);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array of strings

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr` with a callback that returns the character at index 0 of the given string

   - [Code](first-letters.js)
   - [Test](first-letters.test.js)

3. First X to Zero with Map

   - Goal: write a function called `firstXToZero` that takes an array and a number, and then sets the first (given) number of elements to 0.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // does not mutate the array
     firstXToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 0);

     // mutates the array to [0, 2, 3, 4, 5]
     firstXToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 1);

     // mutates the array to [0, 0, 0, 4, 5]
     firstXToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5], 3);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: public, array
       - `count`: public, number of elements to assign a value of 0 to

   - Explanation:

     - Return the value returned by calling `map` on `arr` with a callback that takes two arguments and returns 0 if the second argument is less than `count`, and the first argument otherwise

   - [Code](first-x-to-zero-map.js)
   - [Test](first-x-to-zero-map.test.js)

4. Non Prime to Zero

   - Goal: write a function called `nonPrimeToZero` that copies an array while changing any number that isn't prime to 0.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns [0, 2, 3, 0, 5]
     nonPrimeToZero([1, 2, 3, 4, 5]);

     // returns [3, 7, 13]
     nonPrimeToZero([3, 7, 13]);

     // each returns []
     nonPrimeToZero([]);
     nonPrimeToZero();
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters: `arr`, an array of numbers
     - Returns: array
     - Dependency: helper function `isPrime` that returns `true` if the given number is prime, and false otherwise

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr`, with a callback that returns 0 when `isPrime` returns `false` for the current value, and otherwise returns the current value.
   - [Code](non-prime-to-zero.js)
   - [Test](non-prime-to-zero.test.js)

5. Append

   - Goal: write a function called `append` that copies an array of strings while adding a string to every string in it.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns ['a!', 'b!', 'c!', 'd!', 'e!']
     append(['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e'], '!');

     // returns ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']
     append(['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e']);

     // each returns []
     append([], 'something');
     append();
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array to be copied
       - `str`: str to be appended to strings in `arr`

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: return the result of calling `map` on `arr` with a callback that concatenates `str` to the current value
   - [Code](append.js)
   - [Test](append.test.js)

6. Run on Each with Map

   - Goal: write a function called `runOnEach` that calls a function on every element in an array, and then returns a new array with the results. The function takes two arguments: the value of the element and its index.
   - Examples:

     ```js
     // returns [1, 3, 5]
     runOnEach([1, 2, 3], (e, i) => e + i);

     // each returns []
     runOnEach([]);
     runOnEach([1, 2, 3]);
     ```

   - Signature:

     - Parameters:

       - `arr`: array containing the elements that will be consumed by the function
       - `fun`: function to be called for each element in `arr`

     - Returns: array

   - Explanation: if either argument is falsey, return an empty array, otherwise return the result of calling `map` on `arr` with the callback `fun`

   - [Code](run-on-each-map.js)
   - [Test](run-on-each-map.test.js)

7. Clone
